also 4000 thank you
just 4,000 people are already there
let's imagine that are so many
people and definitely right
blatant that I have so many people
Can entertain
I give real lot of effort in which
special I hope you like it and yes
have fun
I will only be 4 km special
answer a few questions from you and
I had my skin pack and left that
I will also be in the video review
will
So I wish a lot of fun and a lot
Let's start with the same
first question
the first question will be from me
Christoph asked he asked me when
comes a skin pack and I 'm real
always asked yes for them when
brings in the skicross I believe already over
one year i will always be asked when
I finally got a kindberg
rausbringen I thought so much
carbon special is quite suitable
Well, that's why I went to the luggage
which includes 12 skins
I have the kid myself
and that was done to me and im
so thank jesse in any case
close as they are a few
parents of the child but also a few
new life you probably still
just do not know one here
blind so you see what kind of child is
everything is and I hope you like it
that in the description and ya konan
immediately to the next question
the second question can come from june he can
ask me how long does spectator play
still active sgs I can not
answer so accurately because the date that
but I have in my head definitely
So I'm really really active
it starts to play as sg
about came out
I always had it on display
server i played what i still here
none of the opel games point netease the
I believe and there I go
played the carlsson random and then
sometime played around because
I have presented within server
thought so yes does not come with the
helicopter and then want to
see if a bit it started
is going to be more fun than playing
that's going on the display server and
then yes, I came so often
I think I do not know exactly how
That's how long he was but me
I guess so two years or so
I'm not so sure in any case
keep up with the server has presented too
say come to the next one
question
the next question comes from mister
Sandman Harry and he asks me something
Do you want to experience or make before
you die that 's a good question
will definitely like it right
Many countries are ready for such a
world trip would be cool
best of all, such an American trip
So for the first time in America travel around
america is best such a mobile with
any complex or so on
In any case , I would like to be honest
to experience but otherwise I have
not so big I aim simply to
to come to me
I do not have such big goals
somehow more of the world to see and
yes the next question comes from google
ticks and he asks me what are you doing
all those years have come to minecraft
coincidence a recommendation and that
actually quite by accident I want
say because I was up a bit
youtube on the go wanted me one
watch some call of duty videos because
I have a lot of call of duty
So played a little rage I katie
Incidentally, I'm not proud of that and yes
Of course I have also looked around
and then slowly the minecraft came
hype so many have minecraft
I thought that I did that
try a game
I played correctly for a long time
and sometimes I have to stop me then
bought a premium account the
Incidentally, blog 111 was the blog now
first a stroke of force
and yes, I'm definitely too
Minecraft come the next question
come from the sellin and he asks me
what is your goal on youtube and me
I must honestly say I have
not so big goals on youtube
of course, is a big moment for me
In any case, the 10,000 subscribers too
crack
I want to be huge in any case
so probably look great too
special give which ever reach
will
but otherwise I have no goal at all
just makes fun more and more people
to entertain
maybe a bit more active too
So more statements will make
but otherwise I do not really have any
so many goals the last question today
comes from the troggs and he asks me
Are you in the gamescom a good question
I'm not so sure yet
area life comes so i hope so
in any case already
I have it to 80% year to 20 percent
no, it all depends on whether to
something unexpected happens or so but
i definitely hope so and if so
I am there then I will know
But let me say where I am and
so then you can meet me on me
I'll probably get it somehow
rocks or something I like
times
and yes, in case I have it early
know enough then we can still there
somehow the larvae or so on everyone
Pretty cool to be with you
I want the 4000 talents special
thank you again for all of you
that she always supports me so well
and always leaves such good reviews
and in any case, thanks to you all
because without you I would not be here now
where I am now and it got me up
Every case that I have so many people
Can entertain
and yes for us really mega girlfriend we
again such a really good one
rating that could expand because of me
really hurt me and yes
i would say im in the
next video quite normal again and
ciao